Why would you go to your ex-girlfriend's birthday party?
It seemed like a good idea. You two ended months ago, and on good terms
She even told you about her new boyfriend!
But still, you didn't think it would sting this much
Look at him. Home owner, entrepreneur,
food connoisseur, all the '-eurs'!
He's a self-made man! He even made you this drink, something de fleur?
Ugh, another '-eur'
Even you have to admit
What a catch!
He's got his life together, like a real adult
My god!
Is that a simple human trash can?
Those things are like super fancy
Charlie might as well be the personification of a simple human trashcan
Elegant,
classy,
stainless-steel
And what are you?
Oh my god, what is that?
That can't be your trashcan!
You've been using the same one ever since you moved into college but you never realized it got this bad
Was that stain always there?
Was that stain always there? Your place is a mess; no your life is a mess
You're late on rent
Your voicemail is full
Your food's expired
Your style's expired
Who knew holding on to all this stuff would actually show how much you let yourself go?
Maybe that's why I should let you go
And who could blame her? There's no one to blame but yourself, you've been living like a twenty-one-year-old for nine years
Time to grow the fuck up
First things first,
Finances. Rent, utilities, insurance
What the hell is credit, and why is everyone telling me it's so low?
Hey, hundred is perfect.
Not when it's out of 850
Oh god.
You need to get your money in check. Hell, your checks aren't even in check. Learn how to budget and stick with it
Because if you spend more then you need to earn more. You want to earn more…
you need a better job
But wait, as you sift through job listing after job listing
you realize all this effort you're putting in is toward a position you don't even care about
That's when it hits you: you don't just need a job, you need to start your...
career
For the first time since your dorm spicy wing challenge in college, you're building yourself toward a single goal
Sure that might mean starting off at the bottom rung, but at least it's on a ladder you want to climb
Assuming someone hires you.
"They'll see you now, are you ready?"
Are you?
You think you are
You've updated your very short resume, cleaned yourself up, put on a tie
But, you have no interview skills and that's okay you'll do better...
...next time
...and the next time
and then, one sticks!
"See you Monday"
Congratulations!
You're employed!
You finally convinced someone to give you a chance
They liked you on paper and now it's time to play the part
You should probably look the part too
"I am so sorry, oh sh..."
Don't worry, you won't be needing that shirt anymore
It's true!
The clothes don't make the man, the man makes the clothes
But it doesn't hurt to update your wardrobe to this decade, and your haircut!
Read a fashion article here and there, learn the basics
"My belt and dress shoes have to match?"
Yep!
What else do you not know?
The proper way to squat
The difference between a dumbbell and a kettlebell
The fact that getting that sexy bod isn't just about exercise but also about...
...your diet!
You can't rely solely on your metabolism to take care of that 4 a.m.
breakfast burrito anymore
And let's face it, five years of pizza rolls and dino nuggets has taken its toll on you
But eating healthy can still taste good and it'll even save you money
You might actually start enjoying vegetables!
Guess your mom was always right
But now that you're cooking,
working out,
and starting a new job,
time becomes more valuable so you start setting a schedule and sticking to it
No more flaking, you make time for work, your friends and most importantly...
...your family
Don't worry, you can also set aside time, to do nothing
Utimately, you start to see how important it is to plan things out
"Hey, Drew!"
"Hey!"
"What are you doing here man?"
"What's up Carl, hey Jen!
Just hanging out, what about you?"
"My friend wanted to try this cafe, this is Nancy"
"Hi I'm-"
"Drew!"
"Yeah, we actually used to work on the same floor!"
"Really?"
"Wait, are you...?"
"Yep!"
"I spilled coffee on this guy the day he got hired."
"Wow, small world!"
And that some things, you never see coming
But first...
...you gotta learn car maintenance
"Cars have gaskets?"
and...
...house maintenance
"Sinks have gaskets?"
You're independent in so many other aspects of your life
You should be able to fix a sink!
"Uh-oh."
Or at least know who to call to do it right
The trained professional tells you that it's better
to buy a more expensive gasket, than replacing a cheap one three times
Quality has meaning now
So you start looking around your apartment!
What else should you invest in?
Better furniture,
better cookware,
better...
You can't help but chuckle
With all the upgrades you've made in your life, and all the adulting you've done
there's one thing you almost forgot about!
It's the same one Charlie had
You almost forgot about him and all his '-eurs'
You almost forgot about the build statements,
countless interviews,
number of squats,
and faulty faucets that led you here
Because you realize becoming an adult...
isn't about eating kale or making a lot of money or buying new clothes
Becoming an adult is about taking control of your life
and living up to your full potential
"Hey! Ready to go hun?"
"Oh, uh... yeah!"
Hey everyone! Hope you guys enjoyed that
Adulting is a topic that we've been wanting to make a video about for a very long time
because it's something everyone goes through at some point in their lives
and yeah, there's not one correct way to go about it so we hope this video gave you an idea
of maybe how you might approach adulting
And speaking of helping you adult,
huge shout out and thanks to SimpleHuman for partnering with us on this video
They make amazing and premium products that help you live your
life better and more efficiently and they actually want to help you on your journey to becoming an adult
They're doing a giveaway right now of some their best products and you can win them simply by doing the following:
Go on Twitter or Instagram and post a photo and caption showing how you feel like you're adulting and use the hashtag
#simplehumanadulting
It could be a post about working multiple jobs or maybe building your own furniture
or cooking for your parents. Just be creative and be proud
All the details are in the links below
Thanks for watching, we have a lot of videos coming up really soon so be sure to subscribe,
hit that bell and we'll see you next time, thanks!